Add PATCH agentpool, list-operations-by-agentpool, and operationType/subOperationType in OperationStatusResult (#45021)
Azure/azure-rest-api-specs: specification/containerservice/resource-manager/Microsoft.ContainerService/aks/readme.md

    from: managedClusters.json
    where: $.definitions.VmSkusListResult
    reason: The List VM Skus API is a proxy for the Compute Resource Skus API. Defining a GET endpoint that follows the SKU contract (which in turn does not follow the standard ARM resource model) is allowed as previously discussed in an ARM API review email thread. (tilovell@microsoft.com, suhasrao@microsoft.com)
  - suppress: BodyTopLevelProperties
    from: managedClusters.json
    where: $.definitions.OperationStatusResult
    reason: OperationStatusResult mirrors the ARM common type shape (`error`, `operations`, `resourceId`, plus `status`, `percentComplete`, `startTime`, `endTime`, etc.) and adds the AKS-specific read-only `operationType` and `subOperationType` properties. It is only used as an async-operation-status response body, not as a PUT resource body, so the tracked-resource envelope restriction does not apply.
  - suppress: RequiredPropertiesMissingInResourceModel
    from: managedClusters.json
    where: $.definitions.OperationStatusResult

>     reason: OperationStatusResult is an async-operation-status response envelope, not an ARM tracked or proxy resource. It inherits `id` and `name` from the ARM common OperationStatusResult; the tracked-resource-shape check (name/id/type readOnly) does not apply.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    reason: OperationStatusResult is an async-operation-status response envelope, not an ARM tracked or proxy resource. It locally declares the ARM common OperationStatusResult fields and adds AKS-specific read-only fields. Therefore, the tracked-resource requirement for read-only name/id/type properties does not apply.
```

Reviewer: @HuShaoRu Thanks for the clarification. The other changes look good to me. I left a minor comment to clarify the suppression rationale, which should help avoid reviewer confusion.
